movie recap here today i will explain a
sci-fi movie called automata
so let's start so the film is based in
the future
when there is a blast near the sun and
the solar storms were there
they also affect the earth badly
dangerous rays come out from them and go
towards earth
the world destroys nothing was left
there no animals
plants and also no humans 99
of humans were killed only one percent
of humans were left there
luckily they were good and qualified
humans they want to recover the world
they start planning for this they think
that humans are less and humans can't do
this
to recover the world again so they think
to make robots
this plan proves good in a few times
many robots were ready
they have super abilities but two things
were observed while making them
the first is that they will not harm any
human because humans were in the phase
to bear more loss
because they were wise like humans the
second rule was not to make any other
robot themselves
if this will happen so the robots will
replace humans
these robots become developed they were
making tall buildings which is
beneficial for humans
they were also doing the basic tasks of
the humans
it means these robots humans were happy
that their robots are doing good works
but after some years a fault appears in
these robots
and they stop working at a time when it
wasn't raining there should they make it
rain with the help of these robots
but now there is nothing like this
humans were also worried because there
were many incomplete tasks
they come out of that place they make a
place of their own and start living
there
they were thinking that there is a fault
in robots so they are not comfortable
with
us it maybe creates a problem further so
they start destroying those robots
now the scene changes and we see a
police officer he is going somewhere
he hears some strange voice when he goes
there and sees there was a robot sitting
in the dark
a yellow robot it is trying to recover
itself
it was looking innocent and it requests
to the police officer don't kill me
let me recover myself but the police
officer ignores it and shoots it
don't know why this scene is emotional
then we see a man whose dog was dead
he also had a robot among them he calls
the robot company to take their robot
back
it has killed my dog he also asks them
for money
the insurance money they ask what kind
of insurance
give me my money a man jack goes there
he says to the man don't worry we will
test the robot before
he lifts a knife and starts throwing it
in his hand but before it that robot
holds the knife
jack says that our robot is fine and it
couldn't harm anyone
we will not give you money stop blaming
our robots
saying this he leaves going home he
meets his wife
they were expecting a baby the next
morning jack receives a message
that we have received a destroyed robot
and they call him there instantly
when jack goes there he sees that it was
that yellow robot
that was shot by a police officer a girl
there tells him that the parts of this
robot were replaced
that's why this robot was trying to
repair itself
but it was shot jack feels this thing
bad
he tells his friend his friend says that
why are you interfering in the police's
task
jack says that i am shocked that why
they destroyed the robot
jack's friend says that this is not your
task focus on your life that what you
have to do
jack says that i am irritated with this
city transfer me to the other side of
the sea
it is also revealed to us that jack has
some memories with c
and further we will know about it after
it
jack goes to a construction site it was
in an advanced city
he asks the worker there that why are
you destroying robots
the workers tell him that these robots
are useless now
there are faults in them we throw them
to the other side of the city at a dirty
place
the people of that place take them with
it we are also ordered to shoot at first
sight any human
maybe they will make their separate
robots and they are separate from our
world
when jack sees that the people here are
shooting others he feels bad
jack goes to the other side and he sees
many robots
it seems like those robots are scared
jack tries to go near one of the robots
to talk to it
but before it that robot sets itself on
fire
jack becomes depressed he returns to the
company
he comes to know a nuclear battery is
found from a robot
its benefit was that the robots can work
without charging for hours
it wasn't an ordinary battery jack's
friend who was the leader
orders all to find out about the battery
he asks jack you want to transfer to the
other place
it means the shore of the sea so in
return you have to do this nicely
find out that from where did this
nuclear battery come in this robot or
the others
who inserted it now they all were doing
this work
to find out but jack wasn't
understanding anything
he again goes to that worker he says
that it is not done by a human
maybe a robot has changed the setting of
this robot
because it is not allowed to any robot
to destroy itself
and you are telling me that the robot
has set itself on fire
this thing is very strange jack returns
home
he tells his wife that maybe we will be
transferred from there maybe we will
leave this city and go far from here
his wife says that how is this possible
i am conceiving
at this time how can we go to another
place he tries to make his wife
understand that i don't want to live in
this city
fake people live here they don't care
about anyone's feelings
his wife says that doesn't irritate me
jack leaves from there but he is still
thinking
that why the yellow robot was shot what
was it trying to do secretly there
why did it want to repair itself jack
goes to the place where that yellow
robot was shot
he goes there and checks he finds that
nuclear battery there
that was hidden by that robot there jack
wasn't understanding that where these
nuclear batteries came from
he tells this to the police officer who
shot that robot
and shows him the battery he says that
let me take you to a woman
maybe she knows it when they go there
they see a female robot there
it was looking beautiful and clever the
surprising thing is that the settings
were changed in it
and those two rules were removed it
means the rule not to harm humans and
not to make other robots
it means that female robot is dangerous
for them
jack asks the owner of the robot who is
its creator
it says that i don't know hearing it the
police officer comes in
anger the police officer shoots the
robot's leg and moves from there
he tells jack that i have done this
because now this robot is injured
now its owner will take it to its
creator to repair it
we will follow it jack says that yes i
believe that the creator of this robot
will buy this battery and will tell us
that from where did it come the police
officer says that you have to give me
the profit
we will divide it then they start
following it its car stops in front of a
factory
they go inside but the lady standing
inside points a gun at them
but jack shows her the nuclear battery
the lady asks them that from where did
you get this battery
jack says leave it tell me are you the
person who can get this blue robot
that lady says yes there is a purpose
behind it
as we humans made this thing in the
start it was not good at the start
but we keep making it it is made good we
have made these robots
don't you think that if we allow them to
make robots like them
they will make better robots there is no
other purpose behind
it that lady talks to jack nicely jack
leaves from there but before leaving he
told that lady that where she will get
that robot
the robot had that nuclear battery he
comes from there and he tells his friend
robert everything
this news was spreading so jack was said
to solve this matter as soon as possible
jack again goes to that lady that lady
tells him that i go there at your given
address
i have installed that robot system in
this blue robot
it becomes clever it heals itself so i
was right that robots can make other
robots
they were talking meanwhile the door
knocks as that lady opens the door the
kids were outside
they shoot her jack escapes from there
and comes out
he sits in a car and that blue robot was
also in that car
some evil people start chasing them but
jack kills them
because their car collapses here jack
gets faint the next morning
when he wakes up he sees that he is
injured before he wakes up
that blue robot was repairing itself
seeing it
jack becomes astonished because it has
many abilities
with it he again sleeps after some time
he feels that someone is dragging him
that blue robot and three more robots
were taking him somewhere
they were in a desert jack says to those
robots that they have to move towards
the city
but those robots ignore him jack moves
forward but they were also following him
now because jack was injured so he falls
down the blue robot makes him eat some
insects
and makes him drink water because the
robots want to save humans
it was their rule not to harm humans
after it
they move forward but jack wants to
return he doesn't trust these robots
he says to those robots that i want
water when those robots were at a far
distance
he takes out something from his bag he
sends a sign to his boss that i am here
his boss comes to know his location jax
frendi says to the police officer to go
to that location and rescue jack
the police officer arrived there jack
knows it and he says to the robots that
i want t
go to the washroom stop here and he
makes this excuse and moves forward
he gives the sign with a flarragan but
those robots also see that sign
they come to know that jack wants to
escape from here when he again comes
back to tell them to stop here i will
come
those robots ignore him because they
knew jack in anger drops their batteries
meanwhile the police officer also comes
there
coming there he points a gun at jack in
fact
he comes there to take those nuclear
batteries he takes those batteries and
after it he starts shooting the robots
but before it jack shoots at him with
the flare again
due to it that police officer dies the
man with him gets scared and runs from
there
then jack sees that the robots are
repairing themselves while taking out
some tools of the other robots
then at night they move into a cave and
the robots were eating some insects
jack asks them will you help me to go to
the city i promise to reach the city i
will return your batteries
the female robot says yes why not in the
morning we will search for a car and
move towards the city
the next day we see the companion of the
police officer who ran from there
he goes to the company and gives them
all the batteries tells them that what
had happened
meanwhile jack's friend also comes there
and they start talking about the
previous robot
that we have installed those functions
in the other robots while seeing its
system
that they will not harm humans and will
not make other robot
it was helpful they were also surprised
that till today
humans weren't able to remove those
rules from the robot system
then they talk about those robots who
don't have these rules
they were worried about them that maybe
they can harm them
they plan to search for those robots
they ordered jack's friend to bring
those robots here
on another side we see that jack's
daughter comes to this world
jack's wife was worried about his
husband because he wasn't there
she comes to know that the police are
searching for jack and these robots
on another side we see jack when he
wakes up the other robots were not there
the only blue robot was there it tells
jack that other robots are going to
search the way
it asks jack that i felt like we were
only born but when i saw that you killed
that police officer
after it i want to ask you that will we
also be dead
jack says that how would you know here
jack misses his wife
he knows that his baby also arrives now
they move forward meanwhile
jack sees someone it was looking like a
human
but as jack takes off cloth from it it
was a robot
its name was a blue robot it was the
real blue robot
the female robot only has blue hair
that's why they were considering it the
blue robot
jack gets shocked after seeing this blue
robot he goes inside the factory he sees
many parts of the robot there
as he comes out he sees that the other
robots were making a blue robot
on another side jack's friends were
searching for him
so jack thinks i should leave from here
he goes near a car but he sees that it
has no function
it has no engine so he gets depressed
seeing here and there he tells the other
robots that there was a stream
there was water and greenery but see
what happened to it
the blue robot comes to him and says
that don't get depressed
it was the future of the world in the
future humans will live with machines
you have to accept us you have to agree
that robots are not less than others
we can make ourselves that's why our
quantity is more and see this place is
destroyed
we don't need water or greenery we can
live here
we will not irritate you you can go just
return our nuclear batteries
jack returns their nuclear batteries
then we see that jack's friend arrives
at the place where was the dead body of
that police officer
meanwhile some people come there they
were holding jack's wife
jack's friend says that leave this girl
but they say why are you caring about
her
her family is also killed jack and her
daughter are no more
they were lying and jack's friend
becomes aggressive after hearing it
he was about to shoot that man but that
man escapes and shoots jack's friend and
kills him
this was an emotional scene the next
morning we see that jack wakes up
the robots with jack have made a new
robot there was that nuclear battery in
it
and that was an advanced robot with it
they prepare a new car for jack
seeing it jack becomes happy before
going from there
jack says to that blue robot that i
didn't understand you
forgive me for this after it he moves
forward with the car
moving forward he sees that his friend
was fell there he was shot by those evil
people
he goes near him but he was injured
badly but still alive
he tells his friend jack that they have
taken his wife to save her
on another side we see that those people
were taking jack's wife outside
they were taking her somewhere but the
blue robot comes and stops them
they say to blue robot to move away from
their way that blue robot says that no i
will not obey you
seeing it those people get aggressive
and they start shooting it
they also take out its system meanwhile
the female robot
and jack also arrived there he shoots at
them only one man left there who was the
leader of those bad people
he was about to kill jack but that robot
comes and pushes that man
due to it jack was saved and he
instantly goes to his wife
he lifts his daughter in his lap he was
very happy because here he saw his
daughter for the first time
meanwhile that female robot also comes
there and it seems that baby
after it it says thanks to jack and
leaves from there
in the last scene we see that jack is
happy with his family
here he again sees his past flashbacks
then we come to know that's why he has
many memories of the sea
because he spent his childhood here he
wants to live here
he prays that soon the world recover
with it this movie ends
thank you for watching